Update README.md (#86)
neighborhoods/kojo: README.md

## Debugging Kōjō
XDebug version greater than `xdebug-2.7.0alpha1` is required when trying to debug Kōjō. This version of XDebug resolves issues (https://bugs.xdebug.org/938) caused by the way the Kōjō forks using `pcntl`.

> You must also increase your `Max. simultaneous connections` to the max value of `20` in PhpStorm's preferences under `Languages & Frameworks` > `PHP` > `Debug`, `External connections` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using PhpStorm, you should increase your `Max. simultaneous connections` to the max value of `20` in PhpStorm's preferences under `Languages & Frameworks` > `PHP` > `Debug`, `External connections` section. When a process hits a breakpoint, XDebug will suspend execution even if you have no more "debug tabs" available to view (and control) the suspended process's state, so it will appear as if your processes are just hanging. Increasing the number of connections limits the impact of this issue.
```

> You must also increase your `Max. simultaneous connections` to the max value of `20` in PhpStorm's preferences under `Languages & Frameworks` > `PHP` > `Debug`, `External connections` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have more concurrent Kōjō jobs running than the `Max. simultaneous connections` defined for your XDebug listener Kōjō will appear to hang. To avoid this, increase your `Max. simultaneous connections` to the max value of `20` in PhpStorm's preferences under `Languages & Frameworks` > `PHP` > `Debug`, `External connections` section.
```

Nice. I suggest adding some context around why this happens.
